we do many courses of
photography but they are usually courses
theoretical or practical courses in the
which practices we carry out
here next here after in the
proximity of our store this time
We have considered it opportune to go to
a site a little more special and in need
of being able to move to kenya or
Tanzania do safaris we have considered
timely that the barcelona show could
be a very good option to perform
a photography course thinking about
all in the photograph capture of
animated you have to have a certain
predisposition to like you
precisely that environment the environment then
of wild animals although in the
zoo of savages every time they have
less but really what gives us
is the ease of photographing those
animals without the need to make large
commuting with much comfort and
a very fast and agile way some of
the basic questions that
We advise people to wear
first in your camera that there's the
possibility of having a telephoto lens or
be to approximate the animals not
we always have animals to a
adequate distance then that would be the
first question the second that
control the issue of speed a lot
so that said animals and they are few
nervous move the photo does not stay
well moved and finally the subject of the
smooth sensitivity because not always
we are in places that there is a lot of light to
Sometimes you enter areas such as the terrarium
see that from lizards to
snakes
which are very low lights very little light
then people have to
get used to working with the iso for
compensate and be able to work with
slightly faster speeds
we have thought that with 7 hours
is more than enough to give a
photographic turn , the normal thing is that we
let's find at 10 o'clock in the morning
barcelona zoo we make a small
theoretical class of hour and a half hour for
that people got a little familiar with
a series of parameters that we
we advise to take the photograph and
we go out normally and we try to
come also a guide of one's own
zoo that will pay us a visit
generic and it also helps us to
begin to familiarize ourselves a little with
the animals there and then finally
the rest is photographic or logical safari
in which then everyone goes a little
with the chip your personal chip at the time
to take pictures and support our
to tell you then look at this maybe you can not
is going well for this reason or for
another or there is always a continuous support
before the doubts that arise